[Music]
With
Ma'ar, O Lord, there is no god but God, God. There is no
god but God. There is a martyr, too.
[Music]
In his pocket. My name is Muhammad Makkawi. He has been a volunteer with the
Palestinian Red Crescent Society since the beginning of the war.
[Music]
These years of war are among the most difficult wars, because in the
first three days there were  The amount of martyrs present and the
amount of destruction present is equivalent to four or five
wars that we fought or participated in. Of course,
after every dreamer of a record of names, we try to
take as much as possible so that we have documentation.
This is special to us as the
Shabab Crescent, and the
fate of ambulance officer Rami Khamis Musa
on my
family in an area called Khan Yunis.  In the south of the
Gaza Strip, and I am in the north of the Gaza Strip, there is a great distance between me and them.
Every time there is an escalation and it becomes a war, girls,
I catch you in the No, Daddy, don’t go and get injured again.
We don’t want to lose you. What are the big ones? The
zodiac signs. Pictures.
Pictures. Pictures. The horoscopes are gone.
[Music]
Latti
Oh God, oh
[music]
God is the only one who does not want us to stop our
humanitarian work. We are continuing our work.
Our message is clear. As ambulance officers in the
Red Crescent Society, we work on principles and we work in the
spirit of
humanity. Missiles burn people.
Burning means
scenes. There is nothing to express.  This is about this
feeling. It is a
strong, true, true five-
fifth. The girl, oh, half of it, oh, I will withdraw from it.
This is a girl. Who is the daughter of Muhammad? This is Muhammad. This is Mahmoud.
This is Mahmoud. Perfect. Oh, the girl is young men who love
her,
sitting, and he will
ask. While we deal with children, the first thing we
mention is carrying a child who is  He
has body parts and you carry him in your hands. You remember while you are
carrying your
son. Wipe, wipe. She is here in
blood. I swear we are tired. We have seen many scenes.
I swear we need psychological treatment for a year. A whole year is
not enough for us to protect a woman who is free from the lumps we have seen
from the lumps of suffering.
Impotence is forbidden, my uncle. What happens is forbidden, oh.
Hey Sil, oh dad, how are you? What's
up with you, dad? God willing, I will come
to you after tomorrow. I will come to you, dad,
God willing. Take care of yourself. Take care of your daughter. Oh, there is no god but God. Oh God. There is no god but
God. Oh
God. Adi.  A sign, a sign, we were inside this
ambulance, guys. The street was targeted with a
fire belt in a massive way.
Praise be to God, praise be to God, praise be to God, praise be to God.